Final Project Process Statement
	Driving Question/Context: How can we explore the intersectional impact of climate change on a local level? This is the question we sought to answer in our project on the neighborhoods of south San Diego, particularly Barrio Logan, which are disproportionately affected by the environment. This question and the project that came out of it were the result of a combination of our individual intersectional interests, like immigration and class. 
	Project Goals and Audience: Our primary goal is to inform residents of San Diego about the history of its local neighborhoods as well as show them how some of these neighborhoods are disproportionately affected by climate change. Our audience are San Diego residents, such as recent immigrants, BIPOC residents, and low-income residents. Since many of our interviewees attend UCSD, we also consider UCSD students as our target audience.
	Rhetorical Analysis of the Project: By presenting both a historical/contemporary overview of our project and also interviews of various people who live in Barrio Logan and San Ysidro, we provide multiple perspectives on these communities. The layout of our project as an interactive documentary also allows the audience to learn at their own pace, which allows more flexibility than a standard documentary. We feel like this format helps to reach our somewhat broader audience.
	Methods: In the beginning, in Week 5, our group all worked together to research and document subtopics, such as climate, historical events in Barrio Logan, immigration, class, and race. Afterwards, in Week 6, we all took part in writing the script for these topics that would be included in the videos. The following week, Week 7, Apollo and Genesis focused on interviewing the people they contacted. Mihir and Apollo also started editing and scaffolding the website. Week 8 then consisted of Apollo and Genesis finishing up the interviews while Mihir and Apollo continued to scaffold the website. Meanwhile, Cindy, Cybele, Mihir, and Apollo recorded the voice overs for the scripts we wrote in Week 6. Cindy, Cybele, Mihir, and Apollo also went to Barrio Logan during class and took background footage of Barrio Logan. In Week 9, Cindy, Cybele, and Genesis each watched one interview and wrote a summary of the time stamps to highlight which parts are important so Apollo can edit the interviews more easily. During this time, Mihir was working on the website while Apollo was focusing on editing. Lastly, in Week 10, Apollo finished editing the interviews, background footage, voice overs, and put them in the website.
Outcomes/Results: We believe our project is extremely effective in the sense that it gives the audience a comprehensive background on Barrio Logan, from highlighting the history of governmental effects on the neighborhood from decades ago to interviewing residents who live in Barrio Logan and in surrounding areas today. The interactive documentary paints a good picture of intersectionality - more specifically, how socioeconomic status and race play a major role in climate change and its health outcomes on different populations. Additionally, it is edited in a format that people are used to from watching other documentaries and is easy to understand. In retrospect, we would try to be less ambitious by possibly lessening the number of interviews or we would not include the introduction video so that there are less videos to edit.
	Explanation/Description of Submitted Files: The link that we submit will lead to the website, where our audience can access the interactive documentary. The first video that gets displayed is our intro video, then the audience can scroll down and click on our other documentary and interview clips to play them. When these clips are played, a sidebar also appears with a summary of the video’s contents. 
